I want to do MBA to learn management tools

Keerthana Thamilvanan
HARSH TYAGI
Parna Mishra
Gaurav Joshi
Sumeet Kumar Jethi
Sonu Kumar Gupta

--------------------------------

85144485@bat.com

Create kibana monitoring dashboard and alerts
-----------------------------------------------------------
Step 1- GMAT score
Step 2- Build Your Work Ex

Work really hard. Take the best projects that you can and really pump up those achievements at work. Do not care about MBA, money or time. Just focus on your job and make it a quality work experience.

The key-word being Quality.

More than the number of years your focus should be on-

1. Career progress

How quick has been your learning curve and how fast have you climbed the corporate ladder. If you have been entrusted with larger responsibility or quick promotions it may show good progress. Progress can be displayed in other ways too, Entrepreneurship, Maturity; actually sky is the limit.

What is your story?

2. Achievements & Accomplishments

Rather than mentioning just your role and duties in the organization, bring out what you have achieved.

For example, most of us tend to write on the CV- 'Responsible for XYZ' or 'Handled ABC'. These are passive career statements.

Instead mention about how your work helped company cut costs, earn profits or simply reduce time. We all have achieved a lot in our jobs but sometimes fail to acknowledge the same.

Both Career Progress and Achievements will then need to translate wonderfully onto the application essays. Otherwise the whole process is futile.

Do some soul searching; speak to friends, colleagues, seniors or other experts. Such brainstorming and introspection will help you identify your progress and top achievements.

Step 3- Become an All-rounder

Spend you time following your interests and becoming great at them. For example-

Learn a new language
Paint
Become a marathon runner, swimmer, or yoga instructor
Volunteer for causes
Raise money for charity
These are just some examples. Follow an interest that you can see yourself doing for a long time and absolutely love. Do NOT do it for the sake of MBA.

CONCLUSION

These 3 steps will really improve your

1. Academics

2. Work Experience

3. Goal Clarity

4. Diversity

5. Leadership

6. Communication.